[CDRIVER-4414] Get crypt_shared version on a client/encryption object (#1083)
mongodb/mongo-c-driver: src/libmongoc/doc/mongoc_client_encryption_get_crypt_shared_version.rst

:man_page: mongoc_client_encryption_get_crypt_shared_version

mongoc_client_encryption_get_crypt_shared_version()
===================================================

Synopsis
--------

.. code-block:: c

  const char*
  mongoc_client_encryption_get_crypt_shared_version (mongoc_client_encryption_t const *enc)
      BSON_GNUC_WARN_UNUSED_RESULT;

Obtain the version string of the crypt_shared_ that is loaded for the given

> explicit encryption object. If not crypt_shared_ library is loaded, the returnd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
explicit encryption object. If no crypt_shared_ library is loaded, the returned
```

pointer will be ``NULL``.

Parameters
----------

* ``enc``: A live :symbol:`mongoc_client_encryption_t`

Returns
-------

> A pointer to a nul-terminated character array string designating the version of

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A pointer to a null-terminated character array string designating the version of
```
